also on CNN tonight New Year's Eves odd
couple Kathy Griffin and Anderson Cooper
reunite ringing in their eighth New Year
in a row from Times Square Anderson says
he's given up on asking Cathy to watch
what she says on the air tonight he's
just hoping for the best
despite being CNN's odd couple the two
have managed to make fireworks for the
last several years
I'm here with of course Kathy Griffin
Wow I almost wore this I I was this
close to wearing this saying there's
gonna be drinking every time I giggle
nervously actually asked if I was going
to lick you tonight I got a Miley Cyrus
I was like a genuine I know the hurt
little boy beside the model body and let
me tell you he's five years old
mommy's missing she's at studio 54 he's
his soup is cold and all he wants his
love
a model he's an underwear model that
became a newsman by mistake no swearing
no stripping and and for what are most
important to me no touching and no
simulations if you know what I mean
simulations I'm not gonna I'm literally
talking to you guys and I turn around
why can't we do a block rhyme in my
design
this is truly my worst nightmare we're
together if I can't have you no one can
I will gnaw off my hand
can't wait stay tuned for New Year's Eve
live with Anderson Cooper and Kathy
Griffin that begins at nine o'clock
Eastern and out front next year looking
at New York's Times Square most of the
crowd already in place they're waiting
for that famous ball to drop at midnight
ahead a look at New Year's celebrations
elsewhere around the world